Issue 3205 : Test and edit Kong Gateway (OSS) Quickstart guide (#3270)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway-oss/2.5.x/getting-started/quickstart.md

  <a href="https://konghq.com/install/#kong-community">installed Kong</a> &mdash; It should only take a minute!
</div>

> In this section, you're going to learn how to manage your Kong instance. First, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll learn how to manage your Kong instance. First, you
```

Opting for simpler and more colloquial language.
